provide coco labels for different model variants (#2146)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/efficientdet-d1-tf/efficientdet-d1-tf.md

bounding boxes. For each detection, the description has the format:
[`image_id`, `y_min`, `x_min`, `y_max`, `x_max`, `confidence`, `label`],
    where:
   where:
    - `image_id` - ID of the image in the batch
    - (`x_min`, `y_min`) - coordinates of the top left bounding box corner
    - (`x_max`, `y_max`) - coordinates of the bottom right bounding box corner
    - `confidence` - confidence for the predicted class

>     - `label` - predicted class ID, in range [1, 91] across following [labels](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `label` - predicted class ID, in range [1, 91], mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl.txt` file
```

### Converted Model

The array of summary detection information, name: `detections`, shape: [1, 1, N, 7], where N is the number of detected
bounding boxes. For each detection, the description has the format:
[`image_id`, `label`, `conf`, `x_min`, `y_min`, `x_max`, `y_max`],
    where:
    - `image_id` - ID of the image in the batch

>     - `label` - predicted class ID, in range [0, 90] across following [labels](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `label` - predicted class ID, in range [0, 90], mapping to class names provided in  `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl.txt` file
```

Author: I believe link on file is better than just path to it, but if you want, ok I can replace

Reviewer: relative path will not work in openvino online documentation. Roman will do something with this but not in this release
